Added more detailed study templates, my author info (#30)
greenelab/covid19-review: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/new-therapy-study-template.md

##### What is the setting of the study (random sample of school children, inpatient, outpatient, etc)?

##### What other specific inclusion-exclusion criteria are considered?

For example, do the investigators exclude patients with diagnosed neoplasms or patients over/under a certain age?

### Treatment assignment:

#### How are treatments assigned?

For example, is it an interventional or an observational study?

#### Is the study randomized?

A study can be interventional but not randomized (e.g., a phase I or II clinical trial is interventional but often not randomized).

#### Provide other relevant details about the design.

This includes possible treatment stratification (e.g., within litters for animal studies, within hospitals for human studies), possible confounding variables (e.g., having a large age range of individuals), possible risks of bias and how they are addressed (e.g., is there masking in a clinical trial? how are individuals chosen in an observational study?).

### Outcome Assessment:

#### Describe the outcome that is assessed and whether it is appropriate.

For example: Is the outcome assessed by a clinician or is it self-reported?

> Is the outcome based on viral load or a functional measurement (eg respiratory function, discharge from hospital)?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Is the outcome based on viral load or a functional measurement (e.g., respiratory function, discharge from hospital)?
```

For example, with a well-performed animal study or randomized trial it is often possible to infer causality.
If is an observational study, does it match up with some of the Bradford Hill criteria? https://www.edwardtufte.com/tufte/hill https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bradford_Hill_criteria

#### Are there identified side effects or interactions with other drugs?

For example, is the treatment known to cause liver damage or to not be prescribed for individuals with certain comorbities?

#### Are there specific subgroups with different findings?

For example, do individuals with a specific baseline seem to do particularly well? Be particularly cautious with respect to multiple testing here.

### Extrapolation of conclusions to other groups of individuals not specifically included in the study:

#### If the study is an animal study, which animal and how relevant is that model?

Is the model system appropriate? Is there evidence from past use that it's highly-relevant to therapeutic design in this context?

#### If it is a human study, what characteristics of the study population may support/limit extrapolation?

> * Can results extrapolate easily to other similar groups? (eg same country, similar age groups)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Can results extrapolate easily to other similar groups? (e.g., same country, similar age groups)
```

* What would happen if conditions are extended in terms of dose or duration?

> * Can results be extrapolated to other populations or in very different settings? (eg different age group, primary care setting vs emergency department etc)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Can results be extrapolated to other populations or in very different settings? (e.g., different age group, primary care setting vs emergency department etc)
```
